[Applause]
well it's good to have you here it's
good to see you who do you think just go
ahead and do that take you on alright so
here we go
whispered in Tiffany's here she won't
tell anybody I can't I can't reveal that
but it was a crazy are you nervous about
revealing what happened to your head you
like this this little scar this happened
about halfway through filming and is
crazy freak accident it wasn't even cool
story was a golf cart and I bang my head
as I was getting in the golf cart wasn't
even moving Hulk smashed a glass in my
forehead and just so I did it to myself
she said one of the girls got jealous of
the girl I know I don't actually when I
first told the girls cuz I walked up I
had this huge bandage and it was
literally the next day I went on a date
and I had to explain it to them I try to
like make up this cool badass story but
that's the truth yeah well the truth is
the truth and that's all there is to it
so how's it going
well like you shot this one how long ago
did you wrap we finished uh about a
month ago a little over a month ago into
November okay have you been in hiding uh
no I went back to work like within a
week I had a trip I went back it felt
really good to get back in the sky and
well you guys are both in the airline
industry do people
i'ma get you in trouble you got a
girlfriend go to new to find out he's
not allowed to say Oh
on the pursue Europe when people see you
flying their plane and they watch the
show do they are they surprised yeah
yeah it's it's really cool cuz I always
say bye to all the passengers as like
their D planing and just like thanking
them and it's really cool and they kind
of realize and just I felt a lot of
support so much love you say thank you
to all the passengers when they get off
the plane I've never had a pilot do that
really not one time you never pay
attention they always do sometimes it's
a really bad landing but most the time
yeah oh yeah oh really then you don't
want to excellent point
Tiffany that is a really good insight oh
you who up the bachelor mansion for
those who don't know is in LA and it's
in the Far West Valley and you grew up
like right near there like five minutes
away right I did
actually fun facts I just realized it's
actually Colton wasn't actually the
first bachelor to ever do the fence jump
you jump the fence so this is I did it
like 10 years prior when I was like 18
me and my friends we try to sneak out of
the mansion one time because we were
huge fans of the show and we got caught
and like ran away real quick before we
got caught but you are teenage friends
were huge fans of The Bachelor it was
when Jake the other pilot he was welcome
yes yes he got me into the show Oh cuz
of the pilot thing yes Wow I'm a big fan
after that and your dad's a pilot right
is and her mom was an airline a flight
attendant yeah and
Tiffany you're gonna like this Peter
still lives with his parents
hey I'm owning it and I think what a lot
of people have to realize is I come from
a Cuban family Cuban culture it's a
little bit different than like the
American culture yeah it is and it's not
not it's not unusual for family to live
together for a long time and how well
are you planning this like couple more
months you know that's it I think you
gonna move in with her daddy does Bucky
strong so let's go through because this
is something this is a tradition now on
the show and as I mentioned when I hear
my wife really makes these picks I have
no sense I'm not really good I'm more of
an expert on Dancing with the Stars
that's what I'm good at but my wife is
very good at watching the show the first
time sometimes she's even watching shows
something she just looks at a picture
and she goes this is gonna be the one
this is gonna be number two as in me
number three and I am going to and we
will watch your reaction to see oh boy
pokerface okay so here we go we'd need a
drumroll or something like that your
first three picks three picks and then
you pick the winner - I'll pick the
winner as well Hannah Ann and Ann you
kissed her on night one she got the
first impression rose she made you a
painting he seemed to have a thing for
Hannah's in general she lives with her
parents - Hannah will be in the final
three Oh next Madison first one-on-one
date you brought her home for your
parents vow renewal which you called the
ultimate date and she seemed to like
your family she did Madison all right
and Kelly you met her a month before the
show in the lobby of a hotel you seem
very excited to see here you even lift
her up on to the Bard
kissed her she is an attorney which
means she could easily sue you if you do
not select her and let sue we are gonna
say the final the winner if you can call
it that is going to be number two
Casillas smiling really be oh yeah but
maybe he was doing that to try to try to
throw her your offense all right well
the UCAV says a little red like you've
seen her naked well can you answer that
question have you seen any of these Matt
and I are gonna go there I'm very
closely we'll be watching you at all
times we'll be attracting your every
move we'll be debating it and dissecting
it and doing all those things that are
totally unnatural for other human beings
to do thank you for being here that you
have see you at the end of your journey
that's Peter everybody the bachelor
Tiffany Haddish like a boss so from
Friday with the rock
hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season in a fun way by my new
book the serious goose I wrote it and
through it all of my ma goes to
children's hospitals across the country
or watch another gaming video and don't
help kids it's up to you